We created a new set of resources, right?
You guys got to understand how
we move that to the cloud.
Then you guys got to understand how we can
create a configurable set of options or
configurable map, essentially, or
DSL or whatever you wanna call it,
that then made it so that powers
which resources gets created and
how they're configured and
stuff like that, right?
But there's one other thing we kinda
wanna change here really quickly,
which is this is just
called FVME CI Workspace.
[LAUGH] It doesn't really give me much
of help of actually knowing what this
workspace is, right?
So we wanna lean on our
moved one more time, right?
And what we want to do is we want to
actually change these names here, right?
And so
we're just gonna change this one to tfe.
The project can stay the same.
You can call it whatever you want.
That project is really not important.
But what is, is knowing which
workspace is which, right?
And so we're gonna make sure to
rename the workspace from fem-eci
workspace to fem-eci-tfe, because
this is for our Terraform automation.
However, if I plan this, okay, cool.
So here you go, pull one to add and
one to destroy.
No, we're getting into that
destroy situation again, right,
because we changed the key,
the key is the name of the resource.
And so what we wanna do, right, as we did
before is go to our main file, right?
Now we don't have any moves here or
you either applied it and
they're still there, right?
I would recommend first after applying
to make sure all of your moves are done,
right, we'll add a new moved.
And this one is gonna be
from module.workspace,
eci-workspace.
Oops, right?
And I'm just going to
duplicate this really quickly,
give it a 2, and then change it to tfe.
And I'll leave that up for
a second for you guys.
The point of this is, we don't want to
actually use the name workspace here,
again, it just doesn't help us whatsoever.
But I'm showing you guys where changes
can impact when you accidentally or
might not want to delete things, right?
So, keys, really important to try and
keep the same.
If you change the key, you might
actually have to recreate that resource,
which means that you might
have to put a moved in there.
So it's just something to be considerate
of whenever you're making these
changes is, try and name it once the first
time, try and name it right, right?
Try and think about what you're making
a little bit so that you're not
trying to have to go back and
do moves and all that kinda stuff, right?
And so once you've got that in place,
I'm going to do a plan.
And then sure enough, you could see now
my workspace name is being changed,
right, but it's not being destroyed.
And so then if I want,
I can do apply just like that.
So I'll give you guys
a second to catch up.
So now, if I go in Terraform Cloud,
I should see it's already updated,
fem-eci-tfe, right?
So as I said before, this is a scenario
where it really goes to show,
again, be aware of the values
that you're changing.
You might accidentally change something
that if it's especially in a configuration
loop like this or something, it could
impact the recreation of the service.
So just be aware of that, essentially.
Now, there is one slight change,
or one slight problem here, right?
And that problem is is that our backend.tf
is still pointed to our old workspace,
right?
It's not called workspace anymore.
It's now called fem-eci-tfe, right?
So the second change we have to make
is to our actual backend.tf, right?
So again, I'm gonna just quickly
close this out, all right.
There's the backend.tf file
that you need to update.
Let me open up the main.tf file as well,
oops.
There you go.
And so this is basically the two
files that you need to update.
And again, we are making sure
that the moved is added so
that when we renamed our
project to terraform tfe or
fem-eci-tfe, that doesn't get recreated.
And then also because we
renamed the workspace,
we have to make sure that
the backend is properly set.
Because otherwise if I didn't do that,
if I tried to do another plan,
it would actually fail.
Does anyone have any questions so
far, problems, anything like that?
>> Since that workspace is basically
just a location for the state,
does it really matter if you keep,
I guess,
the resources in one workspace but
the state in another?
>> Because we have
a terraform tfe workspace,
the lifecycle of all those components
stay in that state, right?
But in the future when we create
a GitHub workspace, a network workspace,
another workspace, you could merge states
together, sure, all in one workspace, or
you could put them in separate
workspaces and stuff like that.
But the goal of why we're separating
the states we are is to make it so
that the changes stay together, right?
So, I guess I don't really know
where else this state would go,
except for in this workspace, right?
You could create a project per, say like,
well, okay, when we get to GitHub, then
we could create workspace for GitHub, but
then we'd have to manually do that, right?
But with this approach, we can do
it automatically in one place, and
then go to the other
place to create the repo.
And that's kinda like what we talked
about yesterday where to set these up,
you have to do two steps.
The step of the state is in terraform tfe,
and
then the state of the repos in
TerraForm GitHub when we get to that.
But TerraForm GitHub has its own
state that we don't want mixed with
terraform tfe.
So when we update GitHub,
we don't wanna touch TerraForm, and so
that's why we keep them separate.
>> Yes, separation of states.
>> Exactly.
>> I was curious,
are there any nice visualizers for
state [INAUDIBLE].
>> [LAUGH] I'd love to see you build it.
There's not much, no.
Have you ever seen huge dependency trees?
They just get [SOUND] it's like that.
I think anytime anyone's
tried to visualize state,
it's just this big madness of, it's
like Charlie Day and it's always sunny.
And it's like the huge wall but you'd
basically just be looking at that, so.
I'd love to see somebody visualize it
in a way where it's actually helpful.
I haven't seen that yet, though.
Yeah, really, I would love to see it.
The best way to look at
state right now is really
doing this command right here,
doppler run -- terraform list.
Oop, sorry, list.
By the way, after we change
our backend make sure to init,
you do have to do an init one more time.
So make sure to do that after
you change your backend.
And then if I do state list,
I can actually see everything that's
in my current state once it returns.
There we go.
So you could take this data and
then make it into a cool website or
something like that.
[LAUGH] That would be really cool.
But I haven't seen that yet,
unfortunately.